so here we are on the top of the
mountain visit melissa whom you may have
never heard of before may have never
seen before my channel uh through this
fence there's a porch on the edge of
this entirely modern entirely fake
government built Buddhist temple it is a
lovely boys temple in its way but a boat
is voted as real as Disneyland if you
think Mickey Mouse is a real Mouse then
you think this is a real Buddhist temple
put it that way but they've disseminated
some of the features of traditional
terrible Buddhist architecture which is
a nice change from what went on here
during the Cultural Revolution of the
Great Leap Forward and we can see this
from our apartment you see this from
most of the city downtown school that's
true yeah so you can see from the
university which on the other end of
town that's true anyway we're slightly
the breath we've just come up this on or
a staircase and now for your
entertainment I'm gonna film us as we
descend uh this is all regrow this is
not old-growth forest is the opposite of
a growth forest but still it is really
nice we get the sound of a lot of birds
overhead oh ok not this summer day here
our fellow travelers coming up the
stairs this is Sunday so it's relatively
busy here mostly just people getting
exercise but a few people might be
making the pilgrimage up to the Buddhist
temple to get the view yeah well that's
the view of some extent sorry if you can
see through the bamboo here it is enough
of a mountain that I guess your
commanding view of the city is turning
around other videos before showing that
view
anyway I don't have anything to Mar
logon as we as we descend the stairs but
it was remarked to me by some of my
viewers I'd like to see some more views
of the home before we leave town we're
leaving town in just a few days so in
terms of wildlife you know we could go
across the street while hey Wildlife
using the term very loosely across the
street we have the sea I'm thinking of
the language the mayor ah yeah kong-chi
peacock I couldn't remember the English
words remembering every other language
from English for peacock but yeah
there's a special Park full of peacocks
here I don't know do you think the
peacocks are actually kept in captivity
there do you think they can't leave I
mean they they're not slighted Birds I
can't fly away but right so it's it's
it's a free
it's a free-range peacock farm in effect
yeah but yeah I don't know
and the peacocks I think they're almost
all male or all the ones we saw right
you know the brightly coloured peacocks
are male and the female peacocks are
kind of drab Brown so ya know what the
deal is there anyway not quite uh not
quite as do not quite a factory farm but
there's a peacock like as they call it
as a as an attraction across the way I
mean I can hear some birds overhead now
sometimes we hear the keening of insects
Chiquita's and what-have-you
this is by no means intact or old-growth
forest pretty much all of China was
deforested aside from some little little
patches of forest we have here on the
edges next to me and mark that reminds
me you know I had a very memorable
conversation via a translator with a guy
who was ethnically Chinese so he's what
they call Han Chinese here part of the
Chinese majority and during the Cultural
Revolution
he ran away and joined the tribal
peoples living in the forest so he in
effect assimilated himself into some
tribal peoples living the forest just to
escape servation because the starvation
in his area was so widespread and so
terrible probably also violence
communists on communists warfare which
he didn't die when he could tell he
didn't want to talk about he didn't want
to say any more with that so we didn't
press him but it was a really
interesting story he said you know he
had learned to survive he learned to
survive with nothing but a pocketknife
and he used a tellingly a disused bomb
fragment you know like a leftover bomb
blasting cap to cook rice in see they
build a fire and put this I think the
idea was this was translated from
Chinese but he put this piece of metal
from a bomb fragment over the fire to
get hot and I think he would put the
rice inside a coconut scene the coconuts
contain liquid they have coconut milk
and the rice would cook inside the
coconut then he'd hack it open and eat
the coconut rice so much but yeah he
described this as a straight-up you know
struggle for survival against against
starvation yeah really interesting guy
met him and his whole student family
that was back in back in Jing home but
yeah in many ways that reflects part of
the feeling of the place here I don't
know how local indigenous people feel
about it for a lot of the Han Chinese
they do feel that they're local to
wherever they've been living for a
couple of generations you know they feel
they're from here and represent this
place even if ethnically and
linguistically and religiously they're
not in any way from this place oh just
one of my students this year is from
Jing home which is the next County South
and you know she talks of herself as you
know Jing Hong native but she's Han
Chinese in her whole family is and she
is I think she's going to make the
effort to learn modern tie and then
maybe from modern tie she'll learn to
speak the local language here that don't
die language or the Jing Hong Tai
language I suppose but I got very
different sort of cultural attitudes
towards assimilation and whatever the
alternative to assimilation might be
there's a large jungle walk that's
actually a statement from the donor the
company that donated money to build this
to build a stairway to beautify this
park the so there's a golden temple that
we just saw at the top Hilton is also
the silver temple and you know there are
they're kind of government built
projects this silver temple which
remains incomplete and kind of abandoned
it does have posters up saying the sort
of local charitable society that was in
charge of it but I don't know if oh I
know that's why the golden temple is
finished and the silver temple never was
you know the difference between being
backed by the you know the government
properly being backed by some kind of
small cherub wages here it's been cool
lately I mean not to talk about the
weather but if you've been watching our
channel you've seen us wearing more and
more layers and we're more clothing on
camera as opposed to just sitting around
in t-shirts with a fan on we still in
all our videos the fan blowing on us
continuously because it was so hot this
is a this is a tropical area but it's at
the cool end of what what counts us in
the tropics we got some propaganda
posters here we also passed a few grave
sites which I didn't but like everything
in Ching Hong we get some reminders from
the government of time anyway it's hot
and I've here to grow mangoes it's hot
but it's cool enough to grow
strawberries and this is the this is the
coldest time of year I suppose I
remember before you came over babe I
remember struggling to do push-ups with
my gloves on because you know it was so
cold my fingers would get numb trying to
work out and try to do push-ups the
apartment so it does get cool here but
definitely never gets down on the point
of frost or snow
nothing that would cause the nothing
that would cause the rubber trees or the
coffee trees or the mango trees to to
shutter anyway here at the bottom of the
temple road the bottom of the staircase
looking up the Buddhist temple we have a
monument to those who died fighting
against the Japanese yen World War two
sino-japanese war concluding with World
War two and then below this there's
another staircase leading us down to the
road that leads us back to the downtown
core of the city and that's a wrap